First, let's look at the version without many, MVCs added.
Here we are inside of an empty unity project.
I have already added the mini NPCs framework and imported the samples.
Let's open up the login sample.
Here's the file structure for the version of this sample that does not have the mini MVC added.
In the resources section, I have the prefab that's used for the UI as well as the text file that gets
loaded simulating the service layer.
I've got one scene and in that scene we have the one example file that kicks it all off.
Let's start by running the example.
This example is an offline simulation of login.
We use the familiar pattern of inputting a username and a password.
Clicking the login button.
Typically, a back end service would validate if these fields match up correctly.
In this case, I'm loading a local file and just checking that the local password matches what I've
typed in here.
Let's go ahead and do a working example.
As the onscreen text hints there, the password is evident.
When I hit log in, there's a short delay and then we have success that I've properly logged in.
Now I've logged out and I'll now log in using an obviously wrong password.
And we see the message failed.
So everything is working great here.
Let's look at all the code to get this to happen.
And we'll start with the high level example file.
Here's the code for the example file.
I'll start by doing a scroll down through it and then I'll go check it out line by line.
We start not with the main example class file itself, but with a helper data object.
This user data object holds the username and password as it's about to be submitted.
Here's the example itself, and as with all examples, we extend mount of behavior so we can attach
it to a game object.
Then we see serialized fields for all the different UI elements inside the start.
Here we subscribe to some built in unity events for the UI, and then we mimic the clicking of the logout
button just by calling the logout function there.
That just clears out the UI as we start fresh.
Next, any time those two input fields are edited, this gets called and we simply update.
Are you allowed to submit yet?
This is a very simple check, but I'm just saying if the fields are empty, you can't submit.
If there's anything in the fields you can submit.
Here's what happens when we click log in and there's quite a bit here.
This is the most significant method, so I'll step through it by section.
First, I create a new user data based on what the user has typed into the fields.
Then I toggle the intractability, see, or if it's disabled or not for each of the UI elements.
Now, as we've seen with the previous sample, we simulate an online back end call by just loading a
local text file.
This does some asynchronous operation.
It is external data, so once we discuss service layers, this makes sense for a service layer component
and we can see at the end there what we're getting is the text representation of the valid password
and we're just checking it against what the user submitted.
Assuming there's a match.
We call this a successful login.
We update the UI to be enabled again as appropriate, and then we show a success or failure message
on the screen.
Lastly, at any time if the user hits the logout button and then also we mimic this in the start method
by calling this form.
Initially, this just clears out the UI.
Let's run the example again.
I'll populate it with working info that works successfully and the demo is complete.